hey what's up it's 80 from Apple
fingerboards Apple FB and this is my new
company and I want I want some tryouts
and want some people on the team and
there's only one person on the team his
name's Kyle Henson and he's an our
shredder you should check him out I'll
give you a youtube name and the decks
will concede this died ply the dye
applies will be 4 pi a normal deck which
might be painted might be not it's 5-ply
this one's not lacquered but you can
pick if you want it lacquered and on the
decks are hard this which is basically
the painted four ply it's kind of a dick
for pie but yeah I'll be painted an
old-school deck which can be lacquered
cannot be lacquered and this really rare
one that I this is like the last one
that I make basically it's a mini and I
made it a long time ago and I can't find
the mold for what I made this for so
it's really rare the holes are
countersunk it has perfect king pin
holes which is amazing all the holes
work and this is going to be sent out I
might lacquer it just ask me I'll paint
it luck or whatever for you and this is
going to be the first person who's on
the team who makes the tryout and if
they make the team only not the first
person posted dumb video response okay
so first off I want you to have great
skills i want you have nice flip ins to
grinds and I slip out and I want you
have some great tech stuff and if you
write technics and you can't do crap
don't wreck don't respond to this video
and if you're really good you've been
riding but one index you know a lot
about f being a lot of people you got
your SN you got ffi and stuff and you
could go but basically I want someone
like Brandon Jones and like I know
probably Brandon Jones might be watching
this video so basically just post a
tryout your tryout should be at least 40
seconds and the tryouts will end and
five days so five days so you better
make your trial in five days 80p side